README.md, before:

## myPizzaPie

> Using pure html and basic css, I have created a webpage of my favorite music band.

## Technologies used

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- javascript
- jQuery

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link]( https://koech-code.github.io/myPizzaPie/)

### Setup instructions

- Clone the repository to your folder of choice using Git (or just download all the files)
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git

```
- Open the index.html file (in the root folder) and the website should show up.

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@koech-code](https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git)
- E-mail: [nixon.koech.student@moringaschool.com](https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Appreciation to  Moringa school for giving me this opportunity to learn :)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENCE) licensed.

Commit message:

added a description of my application

README.md, after:

## myPizzaPie

> This is a web application about my pizza business where my customers can order different sizes of pizzas with one or more toppings.

## Technologies used

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- javascript
- jQuery

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link]( https://koech-code.github.io/myPizzaPie/)

### Setup instructions

Feel free to contribute to the project by following the below steps;
- Open your computer terminal e.g(ctrl+lt+T)
- Create your directory of choice e.g(cd Documents/)
- Create a folder where you will clone your files to, use the repository link below
- Clone the repository to your folder of choice using Git (or just download all the files)
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git

```
- Open the index.html file (in the root folder) and the website should show up.

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@koech-code](https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git)
- E-mail: [nixon.koech.student@moringaschool.com](https://github.com/Koech-code/myPizzaPie.git)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Appreciation to  Moringa school for giving me this opportunity to learn :)

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
